[MUSIC]
Okay, so it's a really exciting time to
do a machine learning specialization,
because we see machine learning
everywhere in our everyday lives.
So for example, Carlos is always
on my case that I'm on my phone.
So I turn on my phone and there
are a lot of smart applications on here.
And there are things that
are personalized to me as a user.
>> And they're all using a machine
learning at their core, which is exciting.
Today, every time you go to a website,
most likely there's a machine learning
algorithm behind the scenes, analyzing
the data, analyzing interactions and
really changing your experience
using machine learning.
And we're see that in
a wide range of settings.
>> Yeah, so not just on my phone.
One device that Carlos
loves is this thing.
>> It's a wearable device.
It tracks my activity.
Analyzes my sleep.
Analyzes my exercise routines.
Helps with what I'm doing.
And really takes the data, understands it,
then helps me look at how my health is
evolving over time, which is pretty cool.
>> So that's why it's exciting to
think about machine learning now.
But, of course,
there's a lot more that machine learning
has the possibility of doing in our lives.
>> You can see the world
changing with self-driving cars,
with personalized medicine,
with interactive things where
you've got sensors everywhere,
with smart systems everywhere.
So in this specialization,
you're going to learn the fundamentals
to all of those things.
In fact, after this specialization,
you will be future ready, future proof.
>> Future proof.
You'll be futurized.
>> You'll be the future
of machine learning.
[LAUGH]
>> You are the future.
And that is cool.
>> And that is cool, and
in fact, you are the future because
we recorded this in the past.
So it's actually true,
and that is also cool.
Clearly Carlos is still watching and
reading, mainly watching, too much sci-fi.
>> Yeah, did you see the last...
>> You are in the future.
Welcome.
>> Did you see the latest
season of Doctor Who?
Prequel.
>> [LAUGH]
>> Anyway.
>> On that note, this is cool.
>> And it's going to be
a really cool specialization.
>> You're supposed to say it is cool.
>> It is cool.
>> [LAUGH]
>> It's going to be a really
cool specialization.
And let's get started.
[MUSIC]